QR-code-component/README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor Challenge - QR code component

This is my solution to the [QR code component challenge](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H) on Frontend Mentor.

## Overview

<div align=center><img src="./images/solution-screenshot.png" width="400px"/></div>
</br>

:point_right: [Here's the Link](https://yahappygrace.github.io/frontend-mentor-practice/QR-code-component/index.html) :smiley:

## Lessons learned

My first challenge on Frontend Mentor! :tada:

Although the challenge itself wasn't that hard, but I spent a lot of time figuring out how to use these tools :dizzy_face:

- **Figma**

  - **Inspecting Nested elements**: Ctrl + Click on the target element
  - **Accessing to the Local Variables modal**: You need to **_deselect everything_** _(by pressing Esc)_, or the section would not appear on the right sidebar!
  - **Measuring spacings**: select an element, press Alt and hover to another element.
  - **Other useful Keyboard shortcuts**
    - **Zoom to fit**: Shift + 1
    - **Zoom to the selected element**:Shift + 2
    - **Zoom to 100%**: Shift + 0 or Ctrl + 0

- **Git/Github**

  - **Use "main" as your local repo branch name**:
    - **git branch -M main**: Change your local repo branch name to "main" before pushing to Github. **_OR_**
    - **git config --global init.defaultBranch main**: Set "main" as your local repo default branch name.
      > :pencil:_Github had changed default branch name from "master" to "main" since 2020_
  - **Deploy with Github-pages**: repo must be **_public_**!

- **Markdown**
  - **Just get familiar with the syntax**: Markdown is actually quite user-friendly! The struggling part was coming up ideas :joy:
  - **Preview your markdown files**: Download **_Markdown Preview Enhanced_** extension on VScode

## Useful Resources

- [Figma for developers](https://www.frontendmentor.io/articles/figma-for-developers-how-to-work-with-a-design-file-m6CZKZ1rC1)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)
- [Markdown Emoji](https://gist.github.com/rxaviers/7360908) :point_left:My favorite part of writing Markdowns!! :laughing: :laughing:

Commit message:

refine QR code component, finish Blog preview card challenge

QR-code-component/README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor Challenge - QR code component

This is my solution to the [QR code component challenge](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H) on Frontend Mentor.

## Overview

<div align=center><img src="./images/solution-screenshot.png" width="400px"/></div>
</br>

:point_right: [Here's the Link](https://yahappylemon.github.io/frontend-mentor-practice/QR-code-component/index.html) :smiley:

## My Reflection

My first challenge on Frontend Mentor! :tada:

Although the challenge itself wasn't that hard, but I spent a lot of time figuring out how to use these tools :dizzy_face:

- **Figma**

  - **Inspecting Nested elements**: Ctrl + Click on the target element
  - **Accessing to the Local Variables modal**: You need to **_deselect everything_** _(by pressing Esc)_, or the section would not appear on the right sidebar!
  - **Measuring spacings**: select an element, press Alt and hover to another element.
  - **Other useful Keyboard shortcuts**
    - **Zoom to fit**: Shift + 1
    - **Zoom to the selected element**:Shift + 2
    - **Zoom to 100%**: Shift + 0 or Ctrl + 0

- **Git/Github**

  - **Use "main" as your local repo branch name**:
    - **git branch -M main**: Change your local repo branch name to "main" before pushing to Github. **_OR_**
    - **git config --global init.defaultBranch main**: Set "main" as your local repo default branch name.
      > :pencil:_Github had changed default branch name from "master" to "main" since 2020_
  - **Deploy with Github-pages**: repo must be **_public_**!

- **Markdown**
  - **Just get familiar with the syntax**: Markdown is actually quite user-friendly! The struggling part was coming up ideas :joy:
  - **Preview your markdown files**: Download **_Markdown Preview Enhanced_** extension on VScode

## Useful Resources

- [Figma for developers](https://www.frontendmentor.io/articles/figma-for-developers-how-to-work-with-a-design-file-m6CZKZ1rC1)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)
- [Markdown Emoji](https://gist.github.com/rxaviers/7360908) :point_left:My favorite part of writing Markdowns!! :laughing: :laughing:

## Community Feedback Summary

- **HTML**: add `<header>` and `<main>` tags to increase accessibility.
- **CSS**
  - **Add padding to `<body>`**: Avoid components touching the edges on small screens.
  - **Add `gap: 1rem` to `<body>`**: Avoid component touching the `<header>` and `<footer>`.
  - **Use `align-items: center` instead of `margin: 0 auto` to center the component.**
  - **Use `max-width` instead of `width`**
    - Let the component/image grow and shrink according to the screen size.
    - Limit the width of the component/image to prevent overflow.
  - **Add `display: block` to `<img>`**: `<img>` has a display value of `inline` by default, so changing it to `display: block` might have a better control.
  - **Remove redundant `font-weight`**: `font-weight` of `<h2>` and `<p>` was the same as default values.
  - **Changing `px` to `rem/em`**: use `rem/em` for `font-size` and `letter-spacing` to increase accessibility.

## Acknowledgments

Thanks to [Islandstone89](https://github.com/Islandstone89)'s feedback! :blush:
